(The morning of JinSoul's MV filming day)
JinSoul: How is it? Isn't it beautiful?
JinSoul: It seems really like Jingolas...
JinSoul: It's okay. I know Jingolas is handsome guy.
(she probably wants to say Legolas...)
'What? Jingolas? The handsome guy is Legolas!)
(She still doesn't get it)
Kim Lip: He is Legolas and you are 'Jin'golas!
JinSoul: It's Legolas hairstyle
JinSoul: But more like upgraded version.
JinSoul: It' time to go to the MV filming site!
Kim Lip: I'll go there with JinSoul and film what she does.
Kim Lip: I'll cover for HaSeul PD while she's away.
You can call me Lip PD!
Kim Lip: Hi~
(She's mimicking PD for LOOΠΔ TV)
Kim Lip: How're you feeling today?
Kim Lip: How's it going?
(She's mimicking PD for LOOΠΔ TV)
Kim Lip: Please say hi to the camera~
Kim Lip: We must go to the set for MV now!
Kim Lip&JinSoul: See you there!